-- Week One --
The solutions to each of these can be found in the Week One folder on the group's Github page: https://github.com/jtyurkovich/python-tutorial

-- Exercises --
(1)  Write a program that prints 'Hello World' to the screen.
(2)  Write a program that asks the user for his name and greets him with his name.
(3)  Modify the previous program such that only the users Alice and Bob are greeted with their names.
(4)  Write a program that asks the user for a number n and prints the sum of the numbers 1 to n.
(5)  Modify the previous program such that only multiples of three or five are considered in the sum, e.g. 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 12, 15 for n=17.
(6)  Write a program that asks the user for a number n and gives him the possibility to choose between computing the sum and computing the product of 1,…,n.
(7)  Write a program that prints a multiplication table for numbers up to 12.
(8)  Write a program that takes a number as input and determines if it is prime. 
(9)  Write a guessing game where the user has to guess a secret number. After every guess the program tells the user whether his number was too large or too small. Include a check to make sure the guess is in the correct range.
(10) Write a function that takes two numbers as input and returns the larger of them. Use Python's if-then-else construct.
(11) Modify the previous function to take three numbers as input.
(12) Use a built-in function to do the same thing (i.e., use Python's max() function).
(13) Write a program that calculates the length of the string: 'this string has 29 characters'. Do not use built-in functions.
(14) Use a built-in function to do the same thing (i.e., use Python's len() function).

-- Challenges --
Challenge 1: Caeser Cipher
Write a script that takes this string as input and breaks the code to read the message contained within:
espqtcdeapcdzyezdzwgpestdrpedespstrspdezqqtgpd
This code was encrypted using a shift cipher of 11 (t = t + 11 = e, h = h + 11 = s). Hint: use a dict to define the shift (code dict using a for loop; do not hardcode it) and cycle through the message using a for loop.

Challenge 2: Palindrome Detector
Write a script that takes a string as input and determines if it is a palindrome or not. A palindrome is a word or phrase that is the same forward and backward (e.g., radar).
